{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red40\green84\blue83;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Description
\b0 \
Remany is for you to remember anything from vocabulary to biology utilising register cards. Write the question on one side and the answer on the other side of the card. Remany will make you repeat the cards in certain intervals. If the card was remembered for five times you will never forget it.    \
\

\b Keywords
\b0 \
Vocabulary, Voci, Kartei Karten, Rem, Remember, Rem Cards, Rem Karte, Memorize, Language, English, French, German, Apprendre, langues, francais, anglais, allemand, deutsch, franz\'f6sisch, englisch, cartes, vocabulaire, apprendre, easy, nicht vergessen, einfach, gute noten, pr\'fcfung \
\
\

\b Larger App Icon
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 \cb2 A large version of your app icon that will be used on the App Store. It must be at least 72 DPI, in the RGB color space, and 1024 x 1024 pixels (it cannot be scaled up). The file type must be .jpeg, .jpg, .tif, .tiff, or .png. It must be flat artwork without rounded corners.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b\fs26 \cf3 3.5-Inch Retina Display Screenshots
\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 Screenshots for 3.5-inch iPhone and iPod touch Retina display must be 960x640, 960x600, 640x960 or 640x920 pixels, at least 72 DPI, in the RGB color space, and in the JPG or PNG format.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b\fs26 \cf3 4-Inch Retina Display Screenshots\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Screenshots for 4-inch iPhone 5 and iPod touch (5th generation) Retina display must be 1136x640, 1136x600, 640x1136 or 640x1096 pixels, at least 72 DPI, in the RGB color space, and in the JPG or PNG format.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\b\fs26 \cf3 iPad Screenshots\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf0 iPad Screenshots must be .jpeg, .jpg, .tif, .tiff, or .png file that is 1024x768, 1024x748, 768x1024, 768x1004, 2048x1536, 2048x1496, 1536x2048 or 1536x2008 pixels, at least 72 DPI, and in the RGB color space.}